fix(ListItem): fixed selectors for item layout in the list item styles (Teams theme) (#882)
stardust-ui/react: CHANGELOG.md

- Focus the last focused element which triggered `Popup` on ESC @sophieH29 ([#861](https://github.com/stardust-ui/react/pull/861))
- Changing the focus zone to embed for gridBehavior @kolaps33 ([#844] (https://github.com/stardust-ui/react/pull/844))
- Add polyfills to correctly work in IE11 @layershifter ([#868](https://github.com/stardust-ui/react/pull/868))

> - Fix selectors for item layout class names in the list item styles in Teams theme @mnajdova([#882](https://github.com/stardust-ui/react/pull/882))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix selectors for `ItemLayout` class names in the `listItemStyles` in Teams theme @mnajdova([#882](https://github.com/stardust-ui/react/pull/882))
```
